we know there are other stories to tell
but we've never felt the pressure
to push them out there until we feel
like there is a great story to tell and
that we have something
that again will be a worthy entrance to
the
conjuring universe i'd like you all to
sit quietly and close your eyes
i really wanted counting three to get
away from the haunted house set up
of the first two conjuring films it
should be more on a
whole different level something that
we've never explored before in the
conjuring world we wanted to
keep our new story grounded in the feel
of conjuring movies
but we wanted to make sure we were
telling a brand new story and we think
the arne johnson story
was something that really deserved a
much closer look
as i got to the bottom of the stairs and
i went to open the door
i don't remember anything from that
point the next thing i know
i was in a jail cell and i said what's
going on here
and they say well you're being charged
for murder i said
what are you talking about
[Music]
the trial of arnie cheyenne johnson this
was an internationally
renowned case which was the first time
in the history of
law in the united states that that
demonic possession was used as a reason
for committing manslaughter do you think
you'll be able to prove the existence of
the devil in court
the truth doesn't require anyone to
believe in it you're in for a much
different ride than you've been on in
other
conjuring films what's the point of a
sequel if you can't out
shine and out story and outheart
the previous films it just requires you
to bring your a-plus game
when i was working with michael sharbs
on la yorona i saw a filmmaker that
really
gets these kind of films it's
bittersweet for me to
pass the baton on and action but
it's good to get a fresh take on where
we can take the conjuring universe
we're offering something very special
with these films and i think that's one
of the reasons people keep coming back
the final reason of course is that
people love to be scared i don't know
that anybody has
crafted or created better scare
sequences than
james wan david sandberg gary dauberman
corn hardy john leonetti michael chavs
guys we're making contra and three it's
gonna be awesome these are all people
that really know what they're doing and
they do an incredible job
crafting new and original scare
sequences that's really what people come
back to see
[Music]
hey